why are there internet people it's Bo
again so the Endangered Species Act is
being changed conservationists all over
the world breaking out with good reason
with your reason you know who isn't
freaking out right now
or the lobbyists David Bernhardt Kolob
via Stan Drew wheeler and the king of
bankruptcy Wilbur Ross they're not
freaking out sorry those are their old
jobs that's the Secretary of the
Interior the director of the EPA and the
Secretary of Commerce drain the swamp
huh only if they're gonna build a
refinery on the site these are the
people that are supposed to be
protecting the environment in the United
States right now on oil lobbyists a coal
lobbyist and a man who made his money
investing in mines
every conservationist has their their
pet reason to freak out right now and
they're all good ones they're all good
ones
my personal big issue a bunch of issues
with my personal big issue with the
changes is that economic impact is now
going to be considered in court how this
Act applies will be gauged for bank
accounts how much money it's going to
cost now what that means at the end of
the day is that every species will have
a price every species will have a dollar
sign attached to it
and if whatever that project is is gonna
make more than that I'm sorry bud you
gotta go
we're at the point where we are
currently facing the extinction of over
a million species now you're just going
to pay it a little bit to do it make
sure you cut everybody on I guess every
species that includes keystone species
which will directly impact you
in that video with the old Alice we
talked about how a colonization just
changed it didn't really end it just
changed logos and stuff Flags
multinational companies instead of
countries a severe downside to this and
there are a lot of them but a severe
downside to those of us live in the
United States or the Western world in
general is that these multinational
corporations they have no loyalty to the
mother country they don't care the
United States is just another wealth
extraction point the chickens have come
home to roost we're going to see how
these companies have treated the global
south for a very very long time we're
going to get to witness it in our own
backyard as they destroy our environment
as they our earning potential by
destroying everything around us without
regard to anything other than economic
impact
you know
most people that watch this channel
you're an activist of some kind you have
some pet calls we all have to become at
least a little bit of conservationists
of environmentalists we have to we all
have a choice we have to get somebody in
a position to where they can make
drastic changes because we are running
out of time we are running out of time a
lot of the environmental impacts that
are occurring today well they're already
past the point of no return really
now we're not trying to stop huge issues
from occurring in the future we're
trying to mitigate trying to slow it
down because it's gonna happen we all
have to become environmentalists or
conservationists otherwise we're all
just house painters putting it over time
on August 8 1945 in Nagasaki
it's not gonna matter much how we do on
our other pet projects because what
we're fighting for may not be there
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night